README.md, before:

# Overarching Goals for 2018:

## Proyectos Personales

:bulb: [Web personal](http://strigo.es/)

:bulb: [P.A.O.L.A]

## :books: Books

:blue_book: [Desarrollo web agil con angular, Carlos Azaustre](https://carlosazaustre.es/)    [@carlosazaustre](https://twitter.com/carlosazaustre?lang=es)

:blue_book: [Angular from theory to practice, Asim Hussain](https://codecraft.tv/courses/angular/)

:blue_book: [you dont know js](https://www.amazon.com/You-Dont-Know-Js-Book/dp/B01AY9P0P6)

:blue_book: [Eloquent JavaScript](https://www.amazon.com/Eloquent-JavaScript-2nd-Ed-Introduction-ebook/dp/B00QL616UU/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1514116099&sr=1-1&keywords=Eloquent_JavaScript)

## Desarrollo Web

(03/02/2018) :page_facing_up: [¿Y si el software Open Source desapareciera?](https://www.xataka.com/servicios/y-si-el-software-open-source-desapareciera)

🤩 (29/01/2018) :page_facing_up: [He diseñado la mejor aplicación del mundo](https://elabismodenull.wordpress.com/2017/03/02/he-disenado-la-mejor-aplicacion-del-mundo/)

(5/01/2018):ok_hand:[Porque debes aprender desarrollo Web](http://wmedia.es/debes-aprender-desarrollo-web/?utm_content=buffer00221&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

## Comunidad Code 

(29/01/2018) :movie_camera: [Continuous Delivery: Germinando una cultura Agile moderna](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbggtXmQcf8)

(15/02/2018) :movie_camera: [Ilusionismo con Github Pages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBKQIiTl8Bc)

## Java Script

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018)[JavaScript loops — how to handle async/await](https://blog.lavrton.com/javascript-loops-how-to-handle-async-await-6252dd3c795)

:movie_camera: [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTbnmiXWs2k&list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX)

## Node JS

:movie_camera: [Web Scraping, Escaneando la web con Nodejs](https://youtu.be/rcsvTUG0bs8)

## [Vue Js (toda la informacion en otro repositorio)](https://github.com/trigoporres/personal-aprendiendoVue)

## React

:page_facing_up: [5 razones para aprender react](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/reactjs-5-razones-por-las-que-deber%C3%ADas-aprenderlo-dur%C3%A1n-garc%C3%ADa/?trackingId=LigiqTHi92MO6ljDXMNp8g%3D%3D)

:page_facing_up: [Learn React Fundamentals 🆓 and Advanced Patterns ⚛️ 🎁](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/learn-react-fundamentals-and-advanced-patterns-eac90341c9db)

## Phyton

:movie_camera: [Create J.A.R.V.I.S With Python | A Voice Activated Desktop Assistant Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoudIBVW9w&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_feed%3BGVQwGf%2BDSA2XcZsuWFtchw%3D%3D)

## Html

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018)[I’ve seen the future, it’s full of HTML](https://medium.com/@mikeal/ive-seen-the-future-it-s-full-of-html-2577246f2210)

## Css

:page_facing_up: (24/12/2017) [En defensa del noble oficio de maquetador](https://octuweb.com/defensa-noble-oficio-maquetador/)

:page_facing_up: (6/01/2018):ok_hand:[CSS as a Testing / Accessibility-enforcing tool](https://medium.com/@amir.guirguis/css-as-a-testing-accessibility-enforcing-tool-76908cfad19f)

:page_facing_up: [recreando panel contibuciones github con css grid](https://bitsofco.de/github-contribution-graph-css-grid/)

## grid vs flexbox

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018) :ok_hand: [Should I use Grid or Flexbox?](https://rachelandrew.co.uk/archives/2016/03/30/should-i-use-grid-or-flexbox/)

## Css Grid

[learn css grid](http://learncssgrid.com/)

:movie_camera: [Aprende CSS Grid práctico](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLM-Y_YQmMEqBxmylkI5WJn9ouUxWlJNOW)

:page_facing_up: [css grid garden](http://cssgridgarden.com/#es)

## Flexbox

:movie_camera: (2/1/2018) [What the Flexbox](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu8EoSxDXHP7xj_y6NIAhy0wuCd4uVdid)

## repositorios Github

[Ejemplos de uso de GitHub Pages](https://github.com/cristinafsanz/github-pages)[@cristinafsanz](https://twitter.com/cristinafsanz?lang=es)

[modern-js-cheatsheet](https://github.com/mbeaudru/modern-js-cheatsheet)

:page_facing_up: [free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)


## recursos

[Flexbox toggle](https://codepen.io/shshaw/pen/EbjvbQ/)

:page_facing_up: [2017 Staff Favorites](https://css-tricks.com/2017-staff-favorites/)

:page_facing_up: [Front-End Performance Checklist 2018 ](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2018-pdf-pages/)

:page_facing_up: [MOST The HEARTED 2017 CodePen](https://codepen.io/2017/popular/pens/)

:page_facing_up: [Programming Notes for Professionals books](http://books.goalkicker.com/)

## Npm

:ok_hand: [node-notifier](https://github.com/mikaelbr/node-notifier)

[node js face recognition](https://medium.com/@muehler.v/node-js-face-recognition-js-simple-and-robust-face-recognition-using-deep-learning-ea5ba8e852)

[Easy Accessibility Testing with aXe](https://www.axe-core.org/)

Commit message:

articulos sobre testing pendientes de leer

README.md, after:

# Overarching Goals for 2018:

## Proyectos Personales

:bulb: [Web personal](http://strigo.es/)

:bulb: [P.A.O.L.A]

## :books: Books

:blue_book: [Desarrollo web agil con angular, Carlos Azaustre](https://carlosazaustre.es/)    [@carlosazaustre](https://twitter.com/carlosazaustre?lang=es)

:blue_book: [Angular from theory to practice, Asim Hussain](https://codecraft.tv/courses/angular/)

:blue_book: [you dont know js](https://www.amazon.com/You-Dont-Know-Js-Book/dp/B01AY9P0P6)

:blue_book: [Eloquent JavaScript](https://www.amazon.com/Eloquent-JavaScript-2nd-Ed-Introduction-ebook/dp/B00QL616UU/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1514116099&sr=1-1&keywords=Eloquent_JavaScript)

## Desarrollo Web

(03/02/2018) :page_facing_up: [¿Y si el software Open Source desapareciera?](https://www.xataka.com/servicios/y-si-el-software-open-source-desapareciera)

🤩 (29/01/2018) :page_facing_up: [He diseñado la mejor aplicación del mundo](https://elabismodenull.wordpress.com/2017/03/02/he-disenado-la-mejor-aplicacion-del-mundo/)

(5/01/2018):ok_hand:[Porque debes aprender desarrollo Web](http://wmedia.es/debes-aprender-desarrollo-web/?utm_content=buffer00221&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

## Testing

:page_facing_up:
[Testing AngularJS with Jasmine and Karma (Part 1)](https://scotch.io/tutorials/testing-angularjs-with-jasmine-and-karma-part-1)

:page_facing_up:
[Testing Angular 2 and Continuous Integration with Jest](https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/testing-angular-2-and-continuous-integration-with-jest)

## Comunidad Code 

(29/01/2018) :movie_camera: [Continuous Delivery: Germinando una cultura Agile moderna](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbggtXmQcf8)

(15/02/2018) :movie_camera: [Ilusionismo con Github Pages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBKQIiTl8Bc)

## Java Script

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018)[JavaScript loops — how to handle async/await](https://blog.lavrton.com/javascript-loops-how-to-handle-async-await-6252dd3c795)

:movie_camera: [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTbnmiXWs2k&list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX)

## Node JS

:movie_camera: [Web Scraping, Escaneando la web con Nodejs](https://youtu.be/rcsvTUG0bs8)

## [Vue Js (toda la informacion en otro repositorio)](https://github.com/trigoporres/personal-aprendiendoVue)

## React

:page_facing_up: [5 razones para aprender react](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/reactjs-5-razones-por-las-que-deber%C3%ADas-aprenderlo-dur%C3%A1n-garc%C3%ADa/?trackingId=LigiqTHi92MO6ljDXMNp8g%3D%3D)

:page_facing_up: [Learn React Fundamentals 🆓 and Advanced Patterns ⚛️ 🎁](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/learn-react-fundamentals-and-advanced-patterns-eac90341c9db)

## Phyton

:movie_camera: [Create J.A.R.V.I.S With Python | A Voice Activated Desktop Assistant Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoudIBVW9w&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_feed%3BGVQwGf%2BDSA2XcZsuWFtchw%3D%3D)

## Html

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018)[I’ve seen the future, it’s full of HTML](https://medium.com/@mikeal/ive-seen-the-future-it-s-full-of-html-2577246f2210)

## Css

:page_facing_up: (24/12/2017) [En defensa del noble oficio de maquetador](https://octuweb.com/defensa-noble-oficio-maquetador/)

:page_facing_up: (6/01/2018):ok_hand:[CSS as a Testing / Accessibility-enforcing tool](https://medium.com/@amir.guirguis/css-as-a-testing-accessibility-enforcing-tool-76908cfad19f)

:page_facing_up: [recreando panel contibuciones github con css grid](https://bitsofco.de/github-contribution-graph-css-grid/)

## grid vs flexbox

:page_facing_up: (2/1/2018) :ok_hand: [Should I use Grid or Flexbox?](https://rachelandrew.co.uk/archives/2016/03/30/should-i-use-grid-or-flexbox/)

## Css Grid

[learn css grid](http://learncssgrid.com/)

:movie_camera: [Aprende CSS Grid práctico](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLM-Y_YQmMEqBxmylkI5WJn9ouUxWlJNOW)

:page_facing_up: [css grid garden](http://cssgridgarden.com/#es)

## Flexbox

:movie_camera: (2/1/2018) [What the Flexbox](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu8EoSxDXHP7xj_y6NIAhy0wuCd4uVdid)

## repositorios Github

[Ejemplos de uso de GitHub Pages](https://github.com/cristinafsanz/github-pages)[@cristinafsanz](https://twitter.com/cristinafsanz?lang=es)

[modern-js-cheatsheet](https://github.com/mbeaudru/modern-js-cheatsheet)

:page_facing_up: [free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)


## recursos

[Flexbox toggle](https://codepen.io/shshaw/pen/EbjvbQ/)

:page_facing_up: [2017 Staff Favorites](https://css-tricks.com/2017-staff-favorites/)

:page_facing_up: [Front-End Performance Checklist 2018 ](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2018-pdf-pages/)

:page_facing_up: [MOST The HEARTED 2017 CodePen](https://codepen.io/2017/popular/pens/)

:page_facing_up: [Programming Notes for Professionals books](http://books.goalkicker.com/)

## Npm

:ok_hand: [node-notifier](https://github.com/mikaelbr/node-notifier)

[node js face recognition](https://medium.com/@muehler.v/node-js-face-recognition-js-simple-and-robust-face-recognition-using-deep-learning-ea5ba8e852)

[Easy Accessibility Testing with aXe](https://www.axe-core.org/)
